Add 1upkeyboards Super16v3 (#21665)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/1upkeyboards/1upsuper16v3/readme.md

Reviewer: Would an image (link) of this board/PCB be possible?

> # 1upocarina
> 
> This keyboard is the Super16v3 from 1upkeyboards. It is a 4x4 macropad with the option for up to four encoders in the top row. The keypad features in-switch per-key addressable RGB leds, as well as 32 1mm underglow RGB leds for very bright and smooth lighting effects. The Super16v3 uses an rp2040 microcontroller and direct pins instead of a matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Super16v3

This keyboard is the Super16v3 from 1upkeyboards, a 4x4 macropad with the option for up to four encoders in the top row.  Notable features include in-switch per-key addressable RGB LEDs and thirty two 1mm underglow RGB LEDs; for bright and smooth lighting effects. The Super16v3 utilises an rp2040 microcontroller, wired using direct pins.
```
